modified references to SAG tech community (#2570)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/AI-ML-integration-bundle/step2-deploy-ai-ml-model.md

![Scenario A architecture](/images/machine-learning-guide/scenario-a-architecture.png)

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> The following article in the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} illustrates this scenario in more detail: [Leveraging Hyperscaler Clouds for Machine Learning Inferencing on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Data]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}/t/leveraging-hyperscaler-clouds-for-machine-learning-inferencing-on-cumulocity-iot-data/292498).

Author: @switschel Will this link and the ones below still work after switching the base url? I mean, will all content be kept in the same places?

Reviewer: That's not 100% clear yet. We have to wait until first migration step is done so we can review if links are still valid or not. It could be that the latest ID is changing but the text keeps the same, but again, I need to double check and wait for the first review.

Reviewer: @BeateRixen Here is the correct link: https://techcommunity.cumulocity.com/t/leveraging-hyperscaler-clouds-for-machine-learning-inferencing-on-cumulocity-iot-data/6312

> The following article in the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} illustrates this scenario in more detail: [Leveraging Hyperscaler Clouds for Machine Learning Inferencing on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Data]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}/t/leveraging-hyperscaler-clouds-for-machine-learning-inferencing-on-cumulocity-iot-data/292498).

Author: ```suggestion
The following article in the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} illustrates this scenario in more detail: [Leveraging Hyperscaler Clouds for Machine Learning Inferencing on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Data]({{< c8y-tech-community-link >}}/t/leveraging-hyperscaler-clouds-for-machine-learning-inferencing-on-cumulocity-iot-data/[6312](https://techcommunity.cumulocity.com/t/leveraging-hyperscaler-clouds-for-machine-learning-inferencing-on-cumulocity-iot-data/6312)).
```

> The following article in the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} illustrates this scenario in more detail: [Leveraging Hyperscaler Clouds for Machine Learning Inferencing on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Data]({{< c8y-tech-community-link >}}/t/leveraging-hyperscaler-clouds-for-machine-learning-inferencing-on-cumulocity-iot-data/[6312](https://techcommunity.cumulocity.com/t/leveraging-hyperscaler-clouds-for-machine-learning-inferencing-on-cumulocity-iot-data/6312)).

Author: ```suggestion
The following article in the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} illustrates this scenario in more detail: [Leveraging Hyperscaler Clouds for Machine Learning Inferencing on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Data]({{< c8y-tech-community-link >}}/t/leveraging-hyperscaler-clouds-for-machine-learning-inferencing-on-cumulocity-iot-data/6312).
```

![Scenario B architecture](/images/machine-learning-guide/scenario-b-architecture.png)

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> The following article in the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} illustrates this scenario in more detail: [Performing Machine Learning Inference on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Data using Open-Source Frameworks]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}/t/performing-machine-learning-inference-on-cumulocity-iot-data-using-open-source-frameworks/277988).

Reviewer: Link to article to be updated: https://techcommunity.cumulocity.com/t/performing-machine-learning-inference-on-cumulocity-iot-data-using-open-source-frameworks/4924

> The following article in the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} illustrates this scenario in more detail: [Performing Machine Learning Inference on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Data using Open-Source Frameworks]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}/t/performing-machine-learning-inference-on-cumulocity-iot-data-using-open-source-frameworks/277988).

Author: ```suggestion
The following article in the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} illustrates this scenario in more detail: [Performing Machine Learning Inference on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Data using Open-Source Frameworks]({{< c8y-tech-community-link >}}/t/performing-machine-learning-inference-on-cumulocity-iot-data-using-open-source-frameworks/4924).
```
